---
title: 'Community Days 2026'
subtitle: 'Call for Presentations and Call for Sponsors'
weight: 2
type: 'event'
draft: false

params:
  event:
    dates: 'November 16-18, 2026'
    location_long: 'Frankfurt, Germany'
    location_short: 'Frankfurt, Germany'
    year: 2026
  render:
    lists:
      display_in_lists: true
      display_on_top: true
    images:
      preview: '/events/default/community_days_list.png'
      header: ''
---

## About CSAF Community Days

The CSAF (Common Security Advisory Framework) Community Days is an event
dedicated to discussing tools, best practices, innovations and success stories
related to CSAF. We invite practitioners, developers, producers, consumers and
other community members to share their knowledge with the community.

{{< block-with-background >}}

### Save the date

The CSAF Community Days 2026 will be held on
**November 16-18, 2026 in/close to Frankfurt, Germany**.

The [Call for Presentations](#call-for-presentations) and the [Call for Sponsors](#call-for-sponsors) are open.

{{</ block-with-background >}}

## Call for Presentations

We are looking for presentations about CSAF focusing on use cases, tools, success stories, lessons learned, projects, innovative solutions and the integration or connection to other cybersecurity standards (e.g. SBOM, VEX). In particular (but not limiting), we want to encourage contributions on the following topics:

- Journey to CSAF: What were the pitfalls? What guidance do you wish you have had at the start? 
- AI model driven vulnerability discovery: What role can CSAF play in the age of cyber security AI models?
- CSAF is not the only VEX standard: What are the strengths of other standards related to VEX? How can CSAF interoperate with them?
- My hardware/software vendor publishes CSAF: Why and how should I use CSAF? What added value do I gain as consumer?
- Distribution and trust: How can we scale and simplify trusted distribution and aggregation of CSAF advisories?
- SBOM, CSAF and component identification: How can we identify and map between components in SBOMs, CSAF and beyond? 
- Patching: How to manage patch timelines across software supply chains with CSAF?
- New use cases: What novel problems can CSAF help to address?

If you have insights to share, we encourage you to submit a presentation proposal!

### Submission Guidelines

- Presentation Duration: 20-45 minutes, including Q&A.
- Presentation Format:
  - Tool Demo (Open Source preferred)
  - Presentation
  - Panel Discussion
- Submissions should include the title, a brief abstract (150-300 words), suggested length (20, 30 or 45 minutes) and a short bio of the presenter.
- We invite and encourage all presenters to attend the CSAF Community Days 2026 and present in person.

### How to Submit

Please submit your presentation proposal by clicking on the link below: {{< register-button email="cfp@csaf.io?subject=[CSAF Community Days 2026][Presentation Proposal]" text="Submit Your Proposal" >}} or email your submission to cfp@csaf.io with subject “CSAF Community Days 2026”.

### Lightening Talks and Community Discussion

At the CSAF Community Days, we strive to foster open discussion and exchange within the whole community. We plan to organize one or two sessions with lightening talks and an open community discussion guided by a moderator. We invite everyone to contribute and share their insights beyond formally submitted presentations. Topics for lightening talks will be collected during the event.

### Important Dates

- Submission Deadline: September 13, 2026 (2026-09-13T23:59:59-12:00)
- Notification of Acceptance: October 17, 2026
- Event Dates: November 16-18, 2026

### CfP Contact Information

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us at cfp@csaf.io

## Event Location & Hybrid Format

The CSAF Community Days 2026 will be held as a hybrid event, allowing
participants to join either in person or virtually. The event will take place
on **November 16-18, 2026** in **Frankfurt, Germany**.

We look forward to welcoming attendees both on-site and online for an engaging
and collaborative experience.

_Note: Some parts will only be available in person._

## Call for Sponsors

We expect around 150 participants on-site and additional online viewers, including engineers, product managers,
security professionals, government representatives,
and standards contributors.

* Help make this event accessible to participants from around the world.
* Highlight your organization’s involvement in security standards
  and automation.
* Meet with colleagues from industry and government who are actively
  applying CSAF.
* Be part of shaping the tools & practices that improve cybersecurity
  information sharing.

Sponsorship opportunities are limited.
See the available packages in our
[Sponsorship Form](/events/community-days/2026/2026-06-11_2026_CSAF_Community_Days-Sponsorship_Form.pdf).

If you’d like to be involved, please reach out soon to
discuss options that fit your organization.

Contact [events@oasis-open.org](mailto:events@oasis-open.org)
with any questions about sponsorships.
